# Sudoku

JavaFX version of the Sudoku game

Started circa 2007, this program was first written in the now defunct Java FX Script language and pre-dates the introduction of mature layout managers. It served as a reference application for the book **_JavaFX Developing Rich Internet Applications_**. The source contained here has been converted to the Java-based JavaFX 2.x platform but still positions componenents in a very manual fashion without the aid of any layout manager.

The project represented by this tag (```2.0-JDK17-classpath```) should be run and built with a JDK 17 instance.  The Sudoku source remains un-modularized, and the compiled Java clases generated by the source code are run on the classpath alongside the external openjfx modules retrieved from the maven repository.  It is meant to show how developers can, in stepwise fashion, run their original unmodified pre-modularized code on a post-JDK8 runtime, by placing the original compiled classes on the classpath.  

The ```sh/run-from-classpath.sh``` and ```ps1\run-from-classpath.ps1``` scripts have been provided for Linux/MacOS and Windows respectively in order to to demonstrate how the programs are executed on the command-line in this state.

The logic for the Sudoku game (```net.sourceforge.playsudoku```) was lifted from an even older code base and integrated into this application.

**Requirements:**
1. Your default JDK should point to a valid Oracle JDK 17 runtime in your ```PATH```.
2. Either the ```JAVA_HOME``` or ```$env:JAVA_HOME``` (depending upon the platform in question) environment variable should be set to a valid JDK 17 runtime.
3. Included ```sample-profile.sh``` and ```sample-Microsoft.PowerShell_profile.ps1``` files have been included as potential templates to aid in the set up of this JDK 17 environment.

Of note, the following maven goals can be executed:

   - ```mvn clean```
   - ```mvn dependency:copy-dependencies``` - to pull down and dependencies
   - ```mvn compile``` - to build the application
   - ```mvn package``` - to create the Sudoku application as a jar file
   - ```mvn exec:java``` to run the Sudoku application
